[CUMULUS-1787] Add endpoint for collections with active granules (#1544)
nasa/cumulus: CHANGELOG.md

- **CUMULUS-1732**
  - Added Python task/activity workflow and integration test (`PythonReferenceSpec`) to test `cumulus-message-adapter-python`and `cumulus-process-py` integration.
- **CUMULUS-1787**

>   - Added `/active` endpoint to collections for returning collections with active granules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Added `collections/active` endpoint for returning collections with active granules in `@cumulus/api`
```
